pipeline disconnect is now initalized by the beater (#50721)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/winlogbeat/configuration-winlogbeat-options.md

### `shutdown_timeout` [_shutdown_timeout]

> The amount of time to wait for all events to be published when shutting down. By default, it waits for 1s. When you restart it will resume from the last successfully published event in each event log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The amount of time to wait for all events to be published when shutting down. The default value is:

* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.X-9.Y` `0` (Winlogbeat shuts down without waiting)
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.Z+` `1s`

When you restart, Winlogbeat resumes from the last successfully published event in each event log. However, in some use cases you want to wait for the publishing queue to drain before exiting.
```

Author: same comment as above

Valid time units are `ns`, `us`, `ms`, `s`, `m`, `h`.

```yaml

> winlogbeat.shutdown_timeout: 1s

Reviewer: Wouldn't the example be more useful if we changed it to a non-default value (e.g. 15s, 30s)?
